Add chapter on Optuna for Hyperparameter Optimization (#138)
allenai/allennlp-guide: chapters/part2/hyperparameter-optimization.md

`AllenNLPExecutor` takes four required arguments; `trial` (Optuna's object), `config_file` (path to a model configuration),
`serialization_dir` (directory for saving model snapshot, log, etc.), and `metrics` you want to optimize.
In the above example, we create an instance of `AllenNLPExecutor` as `executor`.
Once the `executor` instance is created, training is started with `executor.run()`.
In each trial step in optimization, the objective function is called and does the following steps:

1. Train a model (`executor.run()`)
2. Return a target metric on validation data (`executor.run()` returns the specified metric)

Once we've written an objective function, we can write a script for launching optimization.
In Optuna, we create a study object and pass the objective function to the `optimize()` method as follows.
You can specify something a number of parameters for the hyperparameter optimization process:
- a way to save a result of optimization
- a sampler for searching hyperparameters (`TPESampler` is based on Bayesian Optimization)
- direction for optimizing (maximize or minimize)
- number of jobs for distributed training

> - timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- timeout

```

and more.  An example launch script is below.

```python
if __name__ == '__main__':
    study = optuna.create_study(
        storage="sqlite:///result/trial.db",  # save results in DB
        sampler=optuna.samplers.TPESampler(seed=24),
        study_name="optuna_allennlp",
        direction="maximize",
    )

    timeout = 60 * 60 * 10  # timeout (sec): 60*60*10 sec => 10 hours
    study.optimize(
        objective,
        n_jobs=1,  # number of processes in parallel execution
        n_trials=30,  # number of trials to train a model
        timeout=timeout,  # threshold for executing time (sec)
    )
```

</exercise>

<exercise id="6" title="Pruning poor performing trials">

Hyperparameter optimization often takes a long time to find good hyperparameters.
If you can find and stop unpromising trials with bad hyperparameters, you can reduce the time of optimization and get good hyperparameters faster.

> Stopping unpromising trials is so-called `pruning`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stopping unpromising trials is called `pruning`.
```

The following illustration shows an example of pruning.
Although the final curves at the left side of the picture are not available before finishing hyperparameter optimization,

> a pruner evaluates at each epoch how promising each trial will be and stops if it predicts to be unpromising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a pruner evaluates at each epoch how promising each trial will be and stops if it predicts it to be unpromising.
```

<img src="/part2/hyperparameter-optimization-with-optuna/illustration_of_pruning.jpg" alt="Illustration of Pruning" />

> You can use `AllenNLPPruningCallback` that is the new feature of Optuna,
> which allows users to prune unpromising trials with algorithms implemented in Optuna.
> `AllenNLPPruningCallback` is the interface to provide a way to use these pruning algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optuna provides an `AllenNLPPruningCallback`
which allows users to prune unpromising trials with algorithms implemented in Optuna.
```

> You can enable a pruning callback by adding `optuner_pruner` to `epoch_callbacks` in your jsonnet configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable a pruning callback by adding `optuner_pruner` to `epoch_callbacks` in
your jsonnet configuration (inside the `trainer` parameters).
```

A pruner determines whether it prune a training in each epoch,
based on the `metrics` specified in initializing `AllenNLPExecutor`.

```json
   epoch_callbacks: [
    {
      type: 'optuna_pruner',
    },
  ],
```

After enabling pruning callback, you have to specify a pruner you want to use.

> In Optuna, some effient algorithms such as [SuccessiveHaving](https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.07943)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Optuna, some effient algorithms such as [SuccessiveHalving](https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.07943)
```

Author: Oh, I'm really sorry... thank you for catching.
